# CS210_Project
This project was based on my understanding of following instructions based on a fictional company, Airgead Banking's requirements to develop an application that allows a user to see their investments, calculations, and how that will grow over time. I had to create pseudocode, along with an object-oriented programming application that satisfied Airgead Banking's requirements given. I kept my code to industry-standard practices while using classes and header files when necessary to keep my code separated yet organized. Keeping my code organized helped me to keep track of the requirements necessary for the project. This program is also maintainable, readable, and adaptable, especially with including detailed comments that explain what each part of my code is executing.
As for enhancing my code, just ensuring that my code isn't redundant is my biggest key. I tend to run into that issue within my code often and is something I need to continue to work on. One thing I did and still find challenging is working through using different classes and header files. Those particular files took a while to understand and implement the code required for each. Utilizing Zybooks, online resources, and even tutoring sessions helped the most in understanding sections I had issues with.
As I previously stated, understanding how to properly use classes will transfer to other projects in my major program, as well as throughout my career. Classes are extremely important to object-oriented programming and also keeping code organized, so continuing to learn and build on these concepts will be helpful in the future.
